Octarine Moon Revival
=======================================
### A TTT Modification
Originally created by Team Octarine Moon
Revived by Realmworks

http://www.octarinemoon.nn.pe/

### Garrys Mod 13
By Team Garry

http://garrysmod.com/

### Trouble in Terrorist Town
By Bad King Urgrain

http://ttt.badking.net/

### Evolve Admin Plugin
By Overv

https://code.google.com/p/evolvemod/

Description
===========
Overview
--------
A Trouble in Terrorist Town based server for Garrys Mod 13, using the Evolve
Admin Plugin. Currently features custom weapons and some gameplay changes, and
many new Evolve commands to interface with TTT.

Custom Weapons
--------------
### Dart Gun (Traitor)
The Dart Gun is a two-shot, single purchase crossbow that fires poisoned darts.
When a player is poisoned they turn green and silently loose health at a steady
rate. The target player will be unaware that they are poisoned unless they
notice their health dropping, or are told by another player.

The player will die from their affliction unless a Detective purchases a health
station, which will sustain the poisoned player until they are cured after
about two minutes. Watch out though - health stations can be poisoned too,
poisoning any player that uses it.

When the player dies from poison, a trace of the DNA of the poisoner can be
found on their body. It decays very rapidly though, so usually the player must
die right next to a Detective to have any change of the poisoner being found.

### Gauss Rifle (Traitor)
The Gauss Rifle is a powerful scoped sniper rifle. At long ranges the shot is
guaranteed to kill, but will only do limited damage at ranges less than about
25 metres. The rifle can only be fired three times, and has a long cooldown
period between shots. It also can only be fired while scoped in.

The main drawback of using the Gauss Rifle is the obvious blue beam that
reveals to all players exactly where the shot travelled. What's more, the
electromagnetic interference generated by the rifle will cause the destinations
of all Teleport tools to be set to the point the shot was fired at. A Detective
who owns a Teleporter can easily travel to the traitor's hiding spot, and the
traitor can't teleport away!

### Newton nade (Traitor)
Acting like a mixture between the Newton Launcher and the Discombob, the Newton
nade can send several people flying.

### Death station (Traitor)
Looks identical to the gealth station, quickly removes an innocents health. If they
do not pay attention, they will quickly find themselves on 1 hp. It does not 
kill the innocent, but leaves them very close to death.

### Custom standard weapons
G3 - A soon to be burst fire sniper rifle.
MP5 - 
AUG - 
